Randi Weingarten president of United Federation of Teachers
Randi Weingarten president of United Federation of Teachers
Randi Weingarten president United Federation of Teachers
Randi Weingarten succeed as president of United Federation of Teachers
Randi Weingarten seek presidency of United Federation of Teachers
Kenneth E. Raske president of Greater New York Hospital Association
Kenneth E. Raske president Greater New York Hospital Association
Kenneth E. Raske director of Greater New York Hospital Association
Kenneth E. Raske head of Greater New York Hospital Association
Kenneth E. Raske ally president of Greater New York Hospital Association
Sandra Feldman president of United Federation of Teachers
Sandra Feldman head of United Federation of Teachers
Sandra Feldman shooting president of United Federation of Teachers
Sandra Feldman leader of United Federation of Teachers
Sandra Feldman to president of United Federation of Teachers
Gerry Adams president of Sinn Fein
Gerry Adams leader of Sinn Fein
Gerry Adams president Sinn Fein
Gerry Adams head of Sinn Fein
Gerry Adams leader Sinn Fein
Raymond D. Horton president of Citizens Budget Commission
Raymond D. Horton president Citizens Budget Commission
Raymond D. Horton professor president of Citizens Budget Commission
Raymond D. Horton director of Citizens Budget Commission
Raymond D. Horton head Citizens Budget Commission
Norman Siegel director of New York Civil Liberties Union
Norman Siegel head of New York Civil Liberties Union
Norman Siegel lawyer director of New York Civil Liberties Union
Norman Siegel president of New York Civil Liberties Union
Norman Siegel of title misstate at New York Civil Liberties Union
C. Fred Bergsten director of Institute for International Economics
C. Fred Bergsten head of Institute for International Economics
C. Fred Bergsten president of Institute for International Economics
C. Fred Bergsten run Institute for International Economics
C. Fred Bergsten director for Institute for International Economics
Blair Horner director of New York Public Interest Research Group
Blair Horner director for New York Public Interest Research Group
Blair Horner lobbyist for New York Public Interest Research Group
Blair Horner lobbyist with New York Public Interest Research Group
Blair Horner head of branch of New York Public Interest Research Group
William J. Casey director of Central Intelligence
William J. Casey director of Central Intelligence
William J. Casey as director of Central Intelligence
William J. Casey director of Central Intelligence
William J. Casey resign as director of Central Intelligence
Ralph Reed director of Christian Coalition
Ralph Reed head of Christian Coalition
Ralph Reed strategist of Christian Coalition
Ralph Reed leader Christian Coalition
Ralph Reed transform Christian Coalition
Alan Greenspan chairman of Federal Reserve
Alan Greenspan chairman Federal Reserve
Alan Greenspan chairman Federal Reserve
Alan Greenspan succeed as chairman of Federal Reserve
Alan Greenspan nominate as chairman of Federal Reserve
Alan Greenspan chairman of Federal Reserve Board
Alan Greenspan chairman Federal Reserve Board
Alan Greenspan chairman Federal Reserve Board
Alan Greenspan of nomination approve as chairman of Federal Reserve Board
Alan Greenspan replace as chairman of Federal Reserve Board
Gen. Colin L. Powell chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Colin L. Powell succeed as chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Colin L. Powell replace as chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Colin L. Powell chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Colin L. Powell today chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Richard B. Myers chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Richard B. Myers today chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Richard B. Myers step as chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Richard B. Myers officer chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Gen. Richard B. Myers to talk chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
Yasir Arafat chairman of Palestine Liberation Organization
Yasir Arafat leader of Palestine Liberation Organization
Yasir Arafat chairman Palestine Liberation Organization
Yasir Arafat head of Palestine Liberation Organization
Yasir Arafat leader Palestine Liberation Organization
David Rebovich professor at Rider University
David Rebovich scientist at Rider University
David Rebovich director of Rider University
David Rebovich scientist Rider University
David Rebovich teach at Rider University
Stephen Gillers professor at New York University
Stephen Gillers professor New York University
Stephen Gillers teach at New York University
Stephen Gillers professor at New York University
Stephen Gillers expert at New York University
John C. Coffee Jr. professor at Columbia University
John C. Coffee Jr. professor Columbia University
John C. Coffee Jr. expert at Columbia University
John C. Coffee Jr. teach at Columbia University
John C. Coffee Jr. professor of law of Columbia University
Andrew Zimbalist professor at Smith College
Andrew Zimbalist economist at Smith College
Andrew Zimbalist professor at Smith College
Andrew Zimbalist professor Smith College
Andrew Zimbalist economist Smith College
Stephen Gillers professor at New York University Law School
Stephen Gillers expert at New York University Law School
Stephen Gillers teach at New York University Law School
Stephen Gillers professor New York University Law School
Stephen Gillers dean of New York University Law School
Frank Belluscio spokesman for New Jersey School Boards Association
Frank Belluscio spokesman with New Jersey School Boards Association
Vahe Tiryakian spokesman for Department of Buildings
Vahe Tiryakian spokesman for city Department of Buildings
Vahe Tiryakian to accordng spokesman for Department of Buildings
Vahe Tiryakian director at Department of Buildings
Mark Regev spokesman for Foreign Ministry
Mark Regev spokesman Foreign Ministry
Mark Regev remark spokesman for Foreign Ministry
Patrick Clark spokesman for Charles J. Hynes
Patrick Clark spokesman for attorney Charles J. Hynes
Michael McKeon spokesman for Mr. Pataki
Michael McKeon secretary Mr. Pataki
Michael McKeon director Mr. Pataki
Michael McKeon spokesman Mr. Pataki
Michael McKeon director for Mr. Pataki
